chore: add storage cheatsheet for java (#1050)
momentohq/public-dev-docs: docs/sdks/java/storage.mdx

// plugin will transform instances of SdkExampleCodeBlock to SdkExampleCodeBlockImpl
import { SdkExampleCodeBlockImpl } from "@site/src/components/SdkExampleCodeBlockImpl";

# Getting Started with Momento Storage in Java

If you need to get going quickly with Java and Momento Storage, this page contains the basic API calls you'll need. [Check the Java SDK examples](https://github.com/momentohq/client-sdk-java/tree/main/examples) for complete, working examples including build configuration files.

## Install the Momento SDK

The Momento SDK is available on Maven Central: [`software.momento.java/sdk](
https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/software.momento.java/sdk).

:::tip
Visit [Maven Central](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/software.momento.java/sdk) to find the latest available version of the SDK.
:::

Install the client library in an existing Java project:

### Gradle

```kotlin
implementation("software.momento.java:sdk:1.x.x")
```

### Maven

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>software.momento.java</groupId>
    <artifactId>sdk</artifactId>
    <version>1.x.x</version>
</dependency>
```
## Set up your API key

> You'll need a Momento API key to authenticate with Momento.  You can get one from the [Momento Web Console](https://console.gomomento.com/caches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need a Momento API key to authenticate with Momento.  You can get one from the [Momento Web Console](https://console.gomomento.com/api-keys).
```

We should audit the other READMEs for this link as well.

> Once you have your token, store it in an environment variable so that the Momento client can consume it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have your API key, store it in an environment variable so that the Momento client can consume it:
```

Author: thank you!
